.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Report a bug in Marlin
title: "[BUG] (short description)"
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

<!--

Have you read Marlin's Code of Conduct? By filing an Issue, you are expected to comply with it, including treating everyone with respect: https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/blob/master/.github/code_of_conduct.md

Do you want to ask a question? Are you looking for support? Please don't post here. Instead please use one of the support links at https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/issues/new/choose

Before filing an issue be sure to test the "bugfix" branches to see whether the issue has been resolved.

-->

### Bug Description

<!-- Description of the bug -->

### My Configurations

**Required:** Please include a ZIP file containing your `Configuration.h` and `Configuration_adv.h` files.

### Steps to Reproduce

<!-- Please describe the steps needed to reproduce the issue -->

1. [First Step]
2. [Second Step]
3. [and so on...]

**Expected behavior:** [What you expect to happen]

**Actual behavior:** [What actually happens]

#### Additional Information

* Provide pictures or links to videos that clearly demonstrate the issue.
* See [How Can I Contribute](#how-can-i-contribute) for additional guidelines.

Commit message:

Update branch (#6)
* Don't define IS_ULTIPANEL empty

* Fix HAL/STM32 FastIO for analog pins (#19735)

* Fix SAMD Serial name macro (#19765)

* Marlin 2.0.7.2

* Update "Bug Report" template (#19906)

* Fix bilinear_line_to_destination definition

See #19431

* Fix extraneous Linear Advance DIR change (#20131)

* Fix bad SET_FAST_PWM_FREQ calls (#20227)

* Set "lcd_move_e" index to fix the label (#20263)

* Help hosts when password-locked (#20348)

* Fix TMC_HOME_PHASE divide by zero (#20368)

* Fix TEMP_0_TR_ENABLE

Co-authored-by: Scott Lahteine <thinkyhead@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Serhiy-K <52166448+Serhiy-K@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Jason Smith <jason.inet@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Scott Lahteine <github@thinkyhead.com>
Co-authored-by: phcay <58492957+phcay@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Simone Primarosa <simonepri@outlook.com>
Co-authored-by: ellensp <ellensp@hotmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Luu Lac <45380455+shitcreek@users.noreply.github.com>

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Report a bug in Marlin
title: "[BUG] (short description)"
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

<!--

Please follow the instructions below. Failure to do so may result in your issue being closed.

### Before Reporting a Bug

1. Test with the `bugfix-2.0.x` branch to see whether the issue still exists.

2. Get troubleshooting help from the Marlin community to confirm it's a bug and not just a configuration error. Links at https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/issues/new/choose

### Instructions

1. Fill out every section of the template below.

2. Always attach configuration files, regardless of whether you think they are involved.

3. Read and understand Marlin's Code of Conduct. By filing an Issue, you are expected to comply with it, including treating everyone with respect: https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/blob/master/.github/code_of_conduct.md

-->

### Bug Description

<!-- Describe the bug in this section. (You can remove this invisible comment.) -->

### Configuration Files

**Required:** Include a ZIP file containing `Configuration.h` and `Configuration_adv.h`.

If you've made any other modifications describe them in detail here.

### Steps to Reproduce

<!-- Describe the steps needed to reproduce the issue. (You can remove this invisible comment.) -->

1. [First Step]
2. [Second Step]
3. [and so on...]

**Expected behavior:**

<!-- Describe what you expected to happen here. (You can remove this invisible comment.) -->

**Actual behavior:**

<!-- Describe what actually happens here. (You can remove this invisible comment.) -->

#### Additional Information

* Provide pictures or links to videos that clearly demonstrate the issue.
* See [Contributing to Marlin](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/blob/2.0.x/.github/contributing.md) for additional guidelines.
